<!--
Shravani Belgamwar
Red Id : 824670386
CS545_00
Assignment #1
Fall 2020
-->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">

<head>
	<title>824670386 : Assignment 1</title>
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="assignment1_xhtml.css"/>
</head>

<body>
<div class="body_content">

<div class="header">
<center><h1>Assignment 1: Introduction</h1></center>
</div>

<div class="section">
<h2> Name: </h2>
<p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/shravani-belgamwar/">Shravani Belgamwar</a><br/>
RedId : 824670386</p>
</div>

<div class="section">
<h2>Major / Profession</h2>
<p>
I am a Graduate student at SDSU currently pursuing my Master's in Computer Science. I have completed my undergrad in Computer Science Engineering from Savitribai Phule Pune University. My interests are in the fields of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. I would like to work as a Machine Learning Software Developer in future.
</p>
</div>

<div class="section">
<h2> Why am I taking this course? </h2>
<p>
I have been always inquisitive of web technologies and how things work in it. I took a couple of courses in my undergrad and since then I have always wanted to learn more about them. Thus given a chance I decided to pursue this class and I am enjoying it a lot. 
</p>
</div>

<div class="section">
<h2> What do I do in my spare time? </h2>
<p>
I love cooking, especially baking different desserts.I am an epicure. I like to spend time travelling and exploring food and different cuisines. I also love fusing two cuisines while cooking. Along with that I love reading books. My favorites are Mystery and Thriller novels.
</p>
</div>

<div class="footer">
<p>Posted by: Shravani Belgamwar | Contact information: <a href="mailto:sbelgamwar3697@sdsu.edu">
  sbelgamwar3697@sdsu.edu</a></p>
</div>

</div>
</body>
</html>